Add links to the C# 101 video series (#15605)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/index.md

The C# guide provides many resources about the C# language. This site has many different audiences. Depending on your experience with programming, or with the C# language and .NET, you may wish to explore different sections of this guide.

- For brand-new developers:

>   - Watch this [video series](https://aka.ms/dotnet3-csharp). It provides an introduction to the important concepts you'll explore in these tutorials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Watch [C# 101 video series](https://aka.ms/dotnet3-csharp). It provides an introduction to the important concepts you'll explore in these tutorials.
```
